don't give up the ship I've not yet
begun to fight
damn the torpedoes full speed ahead
operation Pacific operation Pacific
operation Pacific yes these are the
words that sent history's greatest
Armada into action thousands of ships
poised for the zero hour waiting for a
lone American submarine deep in enemy
waters to signal the attack the Thunder
fish a deadly Raider of the sea lanes
man by a fighting Pro and the skipper
who sailed her to glory and this is the
story of these men sealed in steel the
memories each carried in his heart the
warmth of that last kiss the hilarity of
that first surely the danger of missions
that took them from brooding islands to
the very lifelines of the enemy where
human courage challenged the devastating
blasts of inhuman odds All Hands stand
by for battle surface
coming up for a thrill thundering salute
to the silent service is John Wayne in
the glory rousing role of his career
Patricia Neve Ward bond Philip Carey
aren't you dramatizing this thing a
little no it's different this time
you're not the hero you're the sucker
Mary Stewart and I are gonna be married
still there what rattles a course it's
still there you Brigade I think it
happened to it right in the middle of
the entire Japanese and very old fleet
stores
you